That explosion came from inside the tower!
The only ones capable of that are...
Those infuriating. aberrant monsters...
The Magia Vander!
Episode 24
A Story of a Dream with No End
W-We're alive.
I thought we were gonna die.
Elfie!
A draw. huh?
I guess you can fight. wench!
I could say the same to you!
That ate up all my magical energy.
But you're still ready to go. right?
Of course.
Then let's do this!
I will not lose to you!
That's enough.
Please. move out of the way. Ellenor!
You're out of time. halfwit.
It would have been more convenient
if you'd accidentally killed each other.
Get lost. ratbag!
I was kind enough to stand by and watch.
but you two couldn't settle things.
so this is on you. Zeo.
Besides...
Huh?
When the sovereign speaks.
even you will have to listen.
Magia Vander Masterias Noah
Five Supreme Wands. Light Sovereign's Wand
Aaron Masterias Oldking
You will stop.
I will not permit any further
clashing between two Magia Vander.
Don't interfere. geezer!
No amount of intercession will work!
Not unless Will's place is decided!
And there's no way to decide this
other than a fight. right?!
Rock. paper. scissors.
Rock. paper. scissors?
Should you resort to any other method.
then Will Serfort shall come
under my command.
First comes rock...
Really?
Damn it all.
Let's go! Come on!
I'm gonna win!
Rock. paper. scissors!
Again. to break the tie!
Again. to break the tie! Again. to break
the tie! Again. to break the tie!
Hey. Julius? Really. what's happening here?
If we go back to the beginning. you're
pretty much the root cause of all of this.
Again. to break the tie!
Again. to break the tie! Again. to break
the tie! Again. to break the tie!
Again. to break the tie!
299 throws. 299 ties
300 throws. 299 ties
Yeah!
Applaud him. Owenzaus!
Yes. sir.
Zeo wins with rock
E-Elfie...
Now you belong to me!
And you don't get to complain!
What?
No! I hate this!
I hate it. I hate it. I hate it!
I'm staying with Will!
Will! I don't want this!
That's right. Elfie had to leave me
and ascend the tower alone.
She's waited for me
for six years. and now...
I hate this! No!
The truth is that I want
to stay with her too. but...
It's all right.
We'll see each other again.
No. I'll come and see you.
Will...
Come on. We're going.
By Lord Aaron's command.
What? Wait! I can't!
Please don't embarrass
yourself any further. Lady Elfaria!
I can't do this! I can't. I can't!
No! I hate this! No!
Let go of me! Will!
Will!
Looks like you understand how things work.
I thought you were gonna
go berserk like a wild animal.
If I say anything selfish.
Elfie will fight and get hurt again.
Which is why...
Will you promise me something?
Promise you won't fight
with Elfie anymore.
If you don't promise me that.
I'll defeat you and run to her!
I like that cocky grit of yours!
That's just my style.
Starting today. you're part
of the lightning faction.
I show no mercy. Better prepare yourself!
Yes. sir!
Prime Magic
Every mage dreams at least once of achieving the pinnacle
of each magical affinity. Prime magic is precisely that. As it
demands every spellwork technique and powerful magical energy.
if you acquire it. at the very least. your admittance to a faction
in the tower is assured. It functions as authority itself. Then
prime magic must be the ultimate height of magic. you say?
Fool. You are utterly hopeless. The path of magic boasts even
greater heights.
-Edward Serfence
The Grim Generation
All of you budding mages have finished the First Bloom.
It isn't just Will and his friends now. All of you will
enter into a phase of tremendous growth.
And we would like to call that hope.
May you reach the heavens and defeat all evil.
-Cerridwen
And now. we of the 401st class.
the Grim Generation...
have all been accepted
into factions! Congratulations!
Clairie's House
Secret Base for Single Witches
Cheers!
Hey! Do you honestly think it's all right
to fool around like this in the tower?
What's it going to hurt. Emma?
They told us we're free to do whatever
until our guidance session tomorrow.
We're all in different factions now.
I don't know about
fraternizing with rivals.
Now. now. Miss Emma.
my dear model student...
You're actually so happy
you could jump for joy. aren't you?
I...
I'm over the moon!
You actually wanna
be celebrated. don't you?
I want to be celebrated!
Then it's time to party!
Now. to the one who dragged us leftovers
with her! To Emma! Another toast!
Ready. and...
Cheers!
Lihanna?
Are you all right?
Apologies. The exhaustion
of the last few days has...
Will. you'll understand soon enough now
that you've joined the lightning faction.
You've got me super curious.
if also a little bit scared.
Want to eat?
I do.
Everything's a mess because you
went and joined the lightning faction.
What?
Lady Elfaria kept crying.
and when I tried to comfort her.
she yelled. "I quit everything!"
Then she tried to run away!
We all had to stop Lady Elfaria after
you left things like that. and then you—
I-I'm really sorry!
You forgot these.
Take them with you.
Thank you. Julius!
Hey!
Are you two getting along
even better than you did before?
Colette. why are you angry?
I-I'm not angry.
Colette is envious.
You forged a deep bond while she wasn't
looking. so she's jealous of Julius.
W-Wignall!
I never forged any bonds!
I have no intention of joining your
game of playing friends. understand?
What do you mean. "playing friends"?!
Honestly. He only ever says mean things.
I think I've started to understand his
breed of kindness a little better. though.
Hey. book-learner!
We've been looking for you!
You should get out here. You're part
of our comeback club. aren't you?
What? Um...
You should go.
You're worthy of far more
recognition than you receive.
Thank you.
I'll be back!
Everyone wants to talk to you.
What?
Just how did you...
It's exactly like Emma said.
I can't keep Will all to myself anymore.
Colette?
I just feel lonely.
I'm not his only friend any longer.
I'm selfish... and annoying.
I haven't changed at all
from who I was before.
Nothing will come of self-deprecation.
I've decided to stop waiting.
Wignall...
I don't mean that I've given up.
I will use my own strength
to get closer to the person I seek.
Will taught me that.
When a coward fears running away...
That's called courage. isn't it. Colette?
I'm a selfish. annoying woman...
but there's something I want to tell Will!
Then you should go.
Right.
Should we help her?
Let's watch over her a bit longer.
Why are you acting so melancholy?
Are you lonely now that
you've got no one to bully?
You are a stubborn. spiteful Ulster.
The truth is that you want
to tyrannize him more. right?
There's no longer any need for that.
He isn't pathetic anymore.
He's infuriating. but it doesn't
offend me to look at him now.
I never imagined this day would come.
Sion!
You never let me say it before.
but about Terminalia.
the graduation ceremony.
and so much else... Thank you!
So. um...
would it be all right for me
to come up to where you are?
For what purpose?
What? Um. well... to thank you?
In that case...
fight me.
What?
It's the perfect gesture in lieu
of thanks. wouldn't you say?
A fine idea.
Let me join in!
With this. I forgive what
you owe me for training you.
What? Wait!
Go. Go now. Colette Loire.
All right!
Will!
There's something I want to tell you!
Go!
Huh?
You're not going. Iris?
Even if I did. it would only
confuse everyone.
Besides. it would expose
my true identity to Will.
Watchers are always
so secretive. aren't they?
I think that's the wrong move. though.
If you get too fixated on maintaining
your underclassman image.
someone else will steal
him away. you know?
Please don't just appear
whenever you feel like it!
Also. I never asked for your advice.
I'm rooting for you. Iris.
Invess. please make me a promise.
If you call me Finn. I might listen.
Finn.
Will has officially become
a member of the tower.
So... please don't take him away just yet.
Very well.
I will respect Cerridwen's wishes
and sit back a little while longer.
However. should the sword fail
to make good progress.
I will take him.
and that's not up for discussion.
Feel free to do so.
All is done to transcend the heavens.
Hey. all of you!
Just what do you think you're doing?!
You've ascended to the tower.
yet you're still acting like students?
You are sorely lacking
in awareness as high mages!
At least...
that's how I would have
scolded you not so long ago.
Don't relax too much.
I give that advice not as your teacher.
but as a senior mage.
Professor Workner...
Will.
Do you have a little time right now?
What?
Will. congratulations on making it
through the Second Bloom!
You congratulated me so many times
after the graduation ceremony. too.
You even cried more than I did.
D-Don't poke fun at me. you blockhead!
That's just what teachers are like!
Honestly...
Professor Workner?
I have a request.
What is it?
Is there any way for me to see Elfie?
I want to see her
more than anything right now.
For someone from a different faction.
meeting a Magia Vander is impossible.
But coincidentally. there's a certain
female student who wants to see you. too.
What?
Go get changed!
We're sneaking out of the tower!
What?
That Workner... He's taking
his favoritism much too far.
You mean his sweet little treat?
It's because a different teacher.
one as terrifying as a snake.
rained down the lashings
nearly to his breaking point. you know?
Ah. youth! It's just like back in our day!
I'll come back for you at twelve.
Until then. make sure
you can leave without regrets.
Hup!
Elfie!
Will!
I'm sorry it took me so long—
Why'd you go to Zeo?! Do you hate me now?!
What?
No! Elfie. you lost
at rock. paper. scissors.
I hate this! I hate it. I hate it!
I thought I'd finally get
to be with you. Will. and now...
I don't want you to be
Zeo's bride! I hate it!
What do you mean. "bride"?!
That's not going to happen!
I wanted to be together too.
but then I thought...
"Are we really all right
with this being the goal?"
The goal?
What was the promise we made?
To become Magia Vander
and go see the sunset.
Exactly.
I can't stand at your side yet. Elfie.
That's why I want to get stronger.
Even so. I hate this!
What?!
I want to be with you. Will. To touch you
and feel your warmth. But this...
You know. about that...
A long time ago. didn't you go like this
and try to play a trick on me?
Wha—?! Wh-Wh-What sort of p-prank?
Like a kiss or something?
I-I-I-I-I have no idea
what you're talking about!
Really?
R-Really! I'm not Colette. you know?
Why bring up Colette now?
So you remember that?
Yes. but I feel like there are
things I don't remember yet.
Cerridwen explained things to me.
She said that I'll be able to move forward
by recalling paths of magic I've walked.
Which is why if there's anything
I've forgotten. I want it back.
Including what we treasured. Elfie.
You're so greedy. Will.
That's right. Greedy enough
to be a match for you.
Really? In that case. I forgive you.
But in exchange...
let's go and take a peek at the sky!
We can see it from much closer than
we did when we made that promise!
These stairs... People won't
spot them. will they?
I cast illusion magic on them.
Don't worry.
More importantly. we have to hurry
before it's twelve!
Yeah!
Will. your back is so much bigger
than it was back then.
You think so?
Yup.
You're much. much bigger.
But...
your warmth hasn't changed at all.
It's so beautiful. but this sky is fake.
and the Celestial Host lurks beyond.
Yup.
The promise we made...
It might just be the most difficult
promise to keep in the whole world.
But even if it is...
Yeah. even if it is...
It's a promise.
Let's watch the sunset together.
just you and me!
Wistoria: Wand and Sword
Tower. 1st Floor: Temporary Quarters
I got too carried away yesterday.
I ate and drank way too much.
This is dire.
I wonder what kinds of things
they'll teach us in this guidance session.
Probably tips about living here.
There are factions. after all.
Indeed. they do say that things are
different here than at the academy.
Thanks for waiting! And congrats
to all you graduates on joining factions!
That's the Grim Generation for you!
Even those who didn't make the First Bloom
managed to turn the unknown
into the known and receive blessings!
As expected. all of your outstanding
potential is shining brightly!
So. in previous years. this is when
I'd give you orientation about the tower...
But for your class.
I'm giving you a top secret order.
What?
Your mission is to spy
on the factions you've joined.
Conversations with fellow members.
their behavior and records...
Should you find anything suspicious.
investigate thoroughly
and report back.
Wh-What's all this about?
The surprise attack at Terminalia
should still be fresh in all your minds.
After investigating
what lay behind the incident...
all evidence pointed to just one thing.
Someone on the inside assisted them.
It can't be...
That's right.
There is a traitor in the tower.
A traitor?
Like a Lone Sword
As Though Undaunted
The Eve of the Grand Festival
Raise the Starting Pistol
Between Pride and Passion
Twelve Secret Ice Magics. El Glace Frosse
Praxis Begins
Our Dream
The True Name of Cowards
Wand and Sword
Barrier Day
The Party from Hell Begins
One Single Magic Spell
And the Story Begins
The Day of Departure
The First Bloom
He Said He Would No Longer Hang His Head
Teachings of the Witch
The Page to Be Turned
Hoping. Blooming. Thundering
A Roar of Ice and Lightning
A Story of a Dream with No End
Season 3 production confirmed